well good morning again to every person
we are dealing with fasting forward
challenge as our fasting Community we
just released our telegram group where
our fasting group joins every time we
fast because God restores our hunger
through fasting we fast because it it's
part of humility and it helps us to
receive God's favor it doesn't move God
it moves us it helps us to exchange the
physical for the spiritual it's a good
Soul detox it helps us to embrace the
Crucified Life it's a response to God's
grace not a way to earn it uh it's the
key for Fresh Fire and it helps us to be
directed to God's perfect will as well
as It prepares us for Temptation in
today's teaching I would like to share
with you about a season of
transition yesterday's teaching I talked
about what to do while waiting and it
was very impactful eight things you need
to do I would encourage you to rewatch
that but today I'm going to build on
that what to do in
transition to keep these 10 truths in
mind when you are in transition the
season of transition I am believing that
today some of you will transition and
some of you will step into a new season
if you believe for a new season in your
life drop number one in the chat let's
dive in number one thing that I want to
share with you and that is the scripture
teaches that life is made out of Seasons
so seasons is part of what the scripture
says life is broken into you must
recognize everything moves in Cycles
night and day life and death you must
recognize God said in Genesis
8:22 as long as the Earth remains there
will always be a seed time and harvest
cold and heat winter and summer day and
night shall not cease Ecclesiastes 31 to
everything there is a season and a time
for every purpose on Heaven under Heaven
meaning not only there's a purpose but
there's also God's timing for it
Galatians 6:9 let us not grow weary
while doing good for in due season we
will reap if we do not lose heart
somebody drop this in the chat
do season meaning there are seasons that
are ripe Seasons you are ready to step
into Psalm
102:13 you will rise and have mercy on
Zion for the time to favor her yes the
set time has come the time to favor her
yes the set time has come come on
somebody by faith just drop that in the
chat my set time has come
this prophetic scripture the favor the
time for favor the set time has come
Psalm 30:5 his anger is but for a moment
his favor is for Life weeping may endure
for a night but joy comes in the morning
meaning there is a season of the night
there's a season of the day there's joy
in the morning there's weeping in the
night Paul tells Timothy 2 Timothy 4:2
preach the word be ready in season and
out of SE season so forth and so on
Daniel 2:2 21 it says he changes the
times and the seasons he remove Kings
and raises up Kings he gives wisdom to
the wise and knowledge to those who have
understanding
please understand this your life is
broken in Seasons think of your natural
year it has four SE Seasons now what I
live we have winter we have spring we
have summer and we have also the fall in
each season leaves appear in some
Seasons they become green and then they
fall away fruits appear in some seasons
in other Seasons fruits
fall Seasons they also change the
temperature in some Seasons it's very
hot in some Seasons it's very cold in
some seasons is
just
perfect your year has Seasons the Bible
says that your life will have seasons so
it's important not to be discouraged
when you hit a season of your life where
it's cold where it's freezing or where
it's difficult because those seasons
will not last and also it's important
that when you hit a good season when you
come into a good season in your life
life to also understand they don't last
sometimes God will take you from a good
season to a great season and that's what
we're going to talk about today the
second thing that I want to highlight
and that is this change of seasons
causes
stress I know this is not positive but I
want you to drop this in the chat still
because this is going to help somebody
change of seasons causes
stress for example think of Abraham
Hebrews 11:8 he was called by God to go
out out of a place where he would
receive the inheritance the Bible says
he went out not knowing where he was
going that's pretty
stressful Joshua 3:4 and Joshua says
there should be a place between you and
the Ark of the Covenant he's like do not
dream draw near to it that you may that
you may know the way you must go for you
have not passed this way before meaning
when you are in the transition you're
stepping into a new season most likely
you're stepping into something you're
completely feel unprepared for it you
feel like it's a new territory you feel
like it's a new season and it's
stressful think of Solomon Solomon is
stepping into the role of his father
he's stepping into the shoes of his
father and in his prayer Solomon gives
us honestly his frustration his stress
his um inadequacy and he says this now
oh Lord my God 1 Kings 3:7 you have made
your servant King instead of My Father
David but I am a little child I do not
know how to go out or come in when you
step into a new season it will bring
stress new stress why because this
stress comes from some thing like change
stresses result from changes in fact the
social Readjustment rating scale that
was created by Dr Holmes and rock in
1960s it studied the link between stress
and illness and this is what they found
there is a correlation between stressful
events and and an increased risk of
illness personal factors such as
resilience and support system will
affect individual's stress reactions not
all stressors have the same impact some
are more stressful than others both
positive and negative life events can be
the sources of stress and affect your
health in other
words when you experience a change of
season it's natural to come under more
stress now some of us do not like like
stress and I'm with you but you must
understand there is no such a thing as a
stressfree
season again not super positive
extremely important drop this in the
chat there is no such a thing as
stressfree
season if you think that when you get
married that would be a stressfree
season that's not true if you think when
you get children you will be stressfree
not true if you think you'll be retired
you'll be stressfree season that's not
true every season will have certain
stress and changing of season increases
that stress until you adapt to that
season when I became a youth
pastor it was
stressful then I got used to it when I
became a lead Pastor it was extremely
stressful now I got used to it
and then when our church started to grow
and I had to transition from being a
manager to being a leader of the church
it was also very stressful very
stressful in fact that's the transition
I've been in the last uh nine months the
first few months it was just
overwhelming I I wasn't accustomed to
this new thing it's kind of like you
know when people get sick when the
season changes when the weather changes
people just get allergies or they get
uh sick quickly that's kind of what
happens in life the moment your life
changes and there's a shift of Seasons
you start like man start getting a
little bit sick a little bit irritated a
little bit overwhelmed a little bit
stressed out and so don't pray the
prayer Lord remove the stress ask God to
increase the
strength drop this in the chat when your
seasons change don't ask God to remove
the stress ask God to increase your
strength drop this in the chat I'm going
to say that again when seasons change
don't ask God to remove the stress ask
him to increase your strength why
because it's natural to experience
stress when seasons change the same way
it's natural in natural world when
seasons change some people get sick and
Studies have been done that most of our
stresses are connected to changes in our
life good changes and bad changes not
all stress is bad in fact that they tell
us this about stress that e
stress EU stress is a type of stress
that motivates an individual to make
positive changes achieve goals and grow
unlike this stress which can be harmful
and detrimental e stress is actually
considered to be beneficial to the
individual meaning this stress is part
of changes that happen in your life and
the Lord teaches us to wait upon him and
he renews our strength and then we run
we walk and we soar with wings like
eagles Jesus said in John
16:33 in this world you will have
tribulation he didn't say because you
walk with me you'll never have hardship
he actually says in me you will have
peace in the midst of all these stresses
and challenges and difficulties that are
accompany your life you cannot
experience a shift in your season
without God increasing your capacity to
live with certain level of stress the
first initial stages of your life
changing will bring a flood of stress
and that's why you need to Anchor
yourself more and more in God and then
you get used to that you get used to
that new change and then you don't don't
experience that stress anymore it's
still there but it's no longer high
stress it's now low stress high stress
is challenging low stress is normal you
know when I was younger I used to think
that good season is coming and that good
season will completely be stressfree but
now I am in the season of challenges
transition difficulties and therefore
it's just difficult season where I have
a lot of stress and I heard this One
Pastor say something one time that
changed my perspective and he says that
good times and bad times in life are
like two train tracks They Go
simultaneously at the same time in other
words your best seasons will have worst
days and your worst seasons will have
the best days let me say that again your
best seasons will still have bad days
and your your worst seasons will have
good
days it will be like train tracks They
will go at the same time so don't
postpone your joy to another season
rejoice in God today don't postpone your
being in God's word for another season
be in God today find peace in the storm
find joy in the trial find this rest in
God when life is challenging and
difficult renew your strength now don't
wait for the stresses to be dissolved
ask God to increase your
strength amen if this is helping
somebody drop a fire Emoji right now in
the
chat transition could be a process of
pain because it takes you from one state
and condition to another it could be a
hard season a dark season why because it
takes a lot to adjust
now about transition and about our
Seasons let's recap the first thing I
mentioned is the Bible teaches life is
composed of cycles and Seasons the
second thing I mentioned that when you
are in the transition of
Seasons it's usually more stressful time
than before for those of you who are
under heavy stress right now if you be
very honest you'll be able to see that
something changed in your life somebody
either passed away somebody either
exited in your life or you have picked
up new responsibilities new roles change
of a job change of college change of a
church change of a location anytime
there is a change it increases your
stress for a short season that's why in
that season instead of quitting instead
of running away you should seek God to
increase your strength now let's go to
the third thing about the transition and
the shift of
Seasons before you can enter the new
season you have to exit the previous
season in other words before you enter
the next you have to leave the
X before you enter you have to exit you
can't cleave the Bible says to your
spouse until you leave your father and
your mother God's principle is always
this you have to leave to cleave you
have to exit to enter you have to leave
the X the stuff behind to enter the next
the things in front Isaiah 43181 19 says
do not remember the former things nor
consider the things of old behold I will
do a new thing and now it shall spring
forth shall you not know it somebody
drop this in the chat a new thing God
wants to do a new thing but to do a new
thing God is asking asking you to forget
the former things meaning leave the
things behind where they happened this
is one of the challenging things for
people in transition they tend to bring
bags of the past with them they carry a
lot of baggage with them a lot of hurt a
lot of things that they enjoyed in the
past that they need to leave behind and
they cannot enter that Paul said in
Philippians 3:13 I do not count myself
to have apprehended but one thing I do
forgetting things which are behind and
reaching forward to those things which
are ahead one of my favorite verses in
the Bible that deals with this is Samuel
Samuel anointed Saul and Saul went rogue
Saul was not someone that was pleasing
to God and Saul was rejected by God 1
Samuel 16:1 these words may they true
may they ring true for you today how
long will you mourn for Saul seeing I
have rejected him from reigning over
Israel fill your horn with oil and go I
am sending you to Jesse the bethlem for
I have provided myself a king among his
sons how many of you here
today you are mourning over your past
there were good things that happened
there God maybe did amazing things maybe
somebody walked away from your life
maybe you lost a position an opportunity
maybe you lost a place that you really
thought would be permanent but it wasn't
permanent perhaps you are in the place
now where you had some good things that
happened in relationships and those
things now are no longer that those
those people walked away maybe you're a
pastor or Minister and some people
exited your
ministry and you're Mourning over the
loss you're hoping for them to come back
you're hoping the good old days to come
back instead of looking forward to the
future God comes to one of his prophets
and he says this stop
weeping God says you grieved long enough
for what used to be fill your horn with
oil meaning get a fresh Vision get a
fresh fire and go because the best days
are not behind you I know it may feel
like the best days are behind you
because the best people left your life
the best times left your life and you
feel like you are just sitting and
nothing is hopeful and optimistic but
the Lord said to Samuel and I believe
that this is same thing is for us our
God is not stuck in the past our God
moves forward in the future your future
is greater than your past where you are
headed is brighter than where you are
coming from and to do that you have to
wipe the tears you have have to grieve
as long as you need to but that grieving
period has to have an end and you have
to close that casket and realize what is
gone is
final you have to understand we all need
necessary endings there are seasons
projects and people and relationships
that will serve its purpose and they
will come to an end and we have to
grieve those endings and let that go why
so we can open open ourselves up for New
Beginnings so many people are stuck in
this because they're not embracing the
new thing cuz they're holding on to the
old thing that
died the old thing that doesn't work
anymore the old thing that doesn't help
anymore this sucker branches that God
wants to trim and we're like no but I
want to hold on to them and God's like I
have something new for you but you can't
step into the new if you don't let go of
what you're familiar Amar with that is
served is no longer useful for you that
is no longer going to be a part of your
future it's the brook dried up you got
to move forward you got to Pivot you got
to shift but sometimes we stand there
we're like but I believe for
Resurrection well sometimes you have to
also have a proper
burial Samuel believed for Saul to turn
around but there's a time when God puts
an exclamation mark on something and
says it's over when When God says don't
remember the former things when God says
it's done move on move forward but I'm
scared I don't know what the future
holds well you know someone who holds
the future it's God and he's the one
that's asking you to fill your horn with
oil fill yourself again with optimism
with faith with trust with vision don't
have memories bigger than your vision
come on somebody don't have your past
greater than your future think think
about when you're driving a car what
happens in your car in your car you have
this front windshield it's very big very
spacious and then you have a rear view
mirror it's small one you need it to be
aware of what's Happening behind you
imagine if you would have a large river
uh rear view mirror and a very small
windshield and a lot of us that's what
happens to us we are accustomed to our
past we are used to where we lived how
we did things who we did with what we
did and now the Lord is transitioning us
into a new season we're scared we're
like man but I love the familiarity I
love how it used to be man I love those
things but those things are gone you got
to transition that means grieve the
past wipe the
tears fill your horn with
oil and go forward go to Jesse the
bethleem go because God has provided
something something in your future
that's greater than in your past come on
somebody drop this in the chat God has
something more in your future than what
you've seen in the
past somebody on Instagram drop this in
the chat where you're headed is bigger
than where you're coming from pruning is
a painful necessity for those who want
to step into a new season of
fruitfulness grieve things that used to
be grieve things that got sick and won't
recover I'm not talking about people
grieve things that are dead projects
relationships maybe they're they're just
gone there's no Resurrection there's no
life there grieve that and move forward
many of us handle endings poorly by
dwelling on the past we use busyness as
an excuse to avoid grieving and finding
peace in God we suppress the pain of our
losses instead of confronting and
learning from it Henry cloud in his book
necessary endings as well as Peter skazo
in his book The emotionally healthy
leader really deals with that and he
helped me to navigate that because
before what I used to do is I would step
into a new season and I didn't properly
let go of the previous season and in the
new season I would be frustrated I would
be uneasy because I still honestly
missed how things used to be I
grieved and I didn't allow myself to
acknowledge the fact that I was grieving
and it's okay to grieve as long as there
comes a point and you heed the
instruction God gave to Samuel you wept
long
enough this ending is final accept
endings like death endings are final and
a lot of times we're there at those
endings and we're like I wish I could
make it work you're exiting Egypt be
like man but I missed the cucumbers I
miss the onions man I mean I know God is
taking me to a new place but you begin
to think of all the good things that
happened there and a lot of times you
want to return back to your old ways old
past old friends old things that are
gone that's Israel's biggest mistake is
always trying to relive the past instead
of embrace the future Embrace necessary
endings in order to receive new
beginnings in Jesus name is this helping
somebody if it is drop number one in the
chat as we are sharing today how to
transition into a new
season let's recap seasons are part of
biblical view of our life on this
Earth we have good times and we have bad
times and the Bible is very clear about
it secondly we said when seasons change
we tend to experience more stress and
it's proven by people who do research
and this stress is normal because of the
changes we experience as Christians
instead of running from changes we
should run to God to increase our
strength number three thing we'
mentioned is this is in order to embrace
the new we have to grieve and let go of
the old it's okay to grieve but we must
get to the point that we let go and we
embrace the new the uncertainty of the
new the the fear of the new we don't
know we've never done this before the
new we're not going to feel good at
first with the new discomfort of the new
navigate endings more proactively move
toward God move toward the purposes of
God even if it's not
comfortable now let's go to number four
what to do in the transition and how to
Pivot in the new season new season
requires
a different Spirit drop this in the chat
a new season requires a different spirit
and if you're taking notes write this
down next to the spirit attitude when I
say spirit I don't mean the Holy Spirit
your human spirit I mean an attitude a
perspective an Outlook numbers
11:24 now my servant Caleb because he
has a different spirit in him and has
followed me f y I will bring into the
land where he went and his descendants
shall inherit it Matthew 9:16 no one
puts a piece of unshrunk cloth on an old
garment for the patch pulls away from
the garbet and The Tear is worse is made
worse Matthew 9:17 the next verse Jesus
says nor do they put a new wine into an
old wine skin or else the wine skins
break and the wine is SP spilled and the
wine Skins are ruined what does this
mean you can't step into a new season
with an old
mindset you can't step into a new season
with the wrong Spirit wrong
attitude let me give you one major thing
that ruins people's New Seasons New
Seasons bring a lot of challenges your
attitude and perspective has to be you
see opportunities in obstacles you see
blessings in battles and you see God's
provision in your
problems if you don't have that attitude
you cannot rise in your new season your
new season will squash you if your
attitude is one of pessimism instead of
optimism fear instead of Faith trusting
in God instead complaining all the time
you will step into a new season and you
will never embrace it as God's gift you
will despise it and curse
it Joshua goes to the promised land this
is his promise but he sees
challenges other people see problems
Joshua sees
breakthroughs new spirit different
spirit so let me ask you a
question what kind of a spirit do you
have what is your default setting in
your attitude are you a complainer or
are you a grateful person are you a
person that trusts or are you a person
that whines are you a person that sees
problems in every blessing or are you a
person that sees blessings in every
problem Joseph had a dream Joseph
translates the dream for Pharaoh a lot
of problems 7 years of famine and 7
years of plenty but I want you to to
notice something Joseph finds a solution
in the problem for a problem his season
switches he becomes the the Prime
Minister pretty much he becomes the
right-and man for Pharaoh every person
that is successful in the new season
they're problem
solvers they're not problem finders
problems will always be there but a
person that is effective they face every
obstacle they trust in God they have an
optimistic attitude let's find us
solution with God's help with faith with
trusting Jesus we're going to find a
resolution we're going to find a
solution we're going to get through that
those people thrive God's favor seems to
follow them they seem to be we call them
lucky # blessed but in reality they have
a different Spirit they have a different
attitude they have a different
perspective on life they don't see cup
have empty they see it half fo some of
you may say oh this is just mental
gymnastics you're just talking about
positive thinking no I'm not talking
about positive thinking I'm talking
about an attitude of Faith because new
season creates new set of challenges you
never faced before you will feel ill
equipped you will feel like you don't
have what it takes you will feel like
man I wasn't I didn't go to school for
this I was never trained for this I
never had experience of that my dad
didn't teach me this my mentors didn't
teach me this I don't know how to do
this listen if you complain if you whine
if you always see problems you will be
like the 12 Spies the 10 spies out of
the 12 they died like
grasshoppers not because God wasn't
faithful it's because they were
fearful new season requires a new spirit
that means I got to be an optimist I got
to see opportunities every problem is an
opportunity every closed door is an
invitation that means that every
sickness is an opportunity for God to
heal that means every problem is an
opportunity for God to intervene I no
longer look at problems as that's it
they have the final say I know that with
God these problems will help me to rise
higher because solving them brings a
reward in life you don't get rewarded
for finding problems in life you get
rewarded for solving
them you go to the new level not because
you discover a problem nobody ever gets
promoted for finding a problem usually
you get promoted for solving it even
when organizations hire consultant to
find problems with the really looking
okay find a problem but can you give us
a solution we need a solution and many
of you many of us I'll be honest with
you we became experts at fault finding
problem finding glorifying our problems
and we step into a new season it has
more problems than before and we're like
I can't do this you got to switch your
mindset you got to switch your spirit
your attitude got to switch you got to
look at every problem as has an
opportunity for you to find to be
rewarded for solving it you don't get
rewarded until you solve a
problem and God presents those problem
David did not become a giant killer
until a giant was in front of him Giants
expose true giant Killers these problems
are meant to elevate you when you solve
them but if you don't solve them Joseph
did not become a prime Minister because
he won a lottery it's because he solved
a riddle and then he solved the problem
he spent his whole life solving problems
and Jesus even on this Earth he went
around doing good healing those
oppressed by the devil the Bible says
that are good works to shine before men
so men will praise God being idle and
and being scared of problems being
scared of challenges being scared of
limitations being scared of like oh but
I don't know what to do well you don't
know yet
but God knows he will give you wisdom he
will give you Insight he will guide you
and he will lead you and so don't be a
person who always says no to every new
opportunity just because you see an
obstacle there be a person that is a
learner not a
complainer learner say Lord teach me
Gideon didn't know how to fight like
that like God used him Moses didn't know
how to lead a nation Noah didn't know
how to build an ark none of them Solomon
didn't know how to fill in the shoes of
the one of the greatest kings that
Israel had Joshua didn't know how to
lead a nation into a new land this never
happened
before none of them knew Apostles didn't
know how to lead this new movement that
will kind of stand in opposition to the
Jewish faith what do we do how do we
multiply how do we go into the Gentile
Nations but God was with them and they
had a different Spirit With God all
things are
possible Every Mountain is a mole hill
with God we will conqu
we can do all things through Christ who
strengthens
us you can do it through
Jesus stop allowing victim negative I
can't this can never happen this is too
hard this is too difficult I can't learn
a lot of us need to become
Learners instead of being lazy learn new
skill stretch yourself allow God to
stretch your faith like a rubber band
faith is like a rubber band it's it's
useless if it's not stretched and how
does God stretch our faith when we step
into something we have no experience in
when we step into something that's super
overwhelming and it seems like
everything there is a problem it's a
problem for you to solve and on the
other side of that solution is promotion
is God's breakthrough and we say Lord I
claim promotion but God's way to
promotion is to give you a problem to
solve so when you face a problem please
understand you need a different attitude
a different spirit that sees problem
as an
opportunity to see new
Miracles have brand new Faith experience
new ways that God can move and then you
see God's breakthrough and on the other
side you see God's
blessing hallelujah thank you Jesus a
problem is an opportunity drop this in
the
chat drop this in the chat that you will
see opportunities in
obstacles drop this in the chat that you
will see blessings in your
battles drop this in the chat that you
will have a new spirit new attitude when
You Face new challenges through the
strength of
god so let's recap as we talk about
transition script scripture talks about
that our life is made out of seasons and
Cycles we also see science and research
tells us that when we experience change
we experience higher level of stress so
our desire is not to reduce the stress
when it comes because of change but to
ask God to increase the strength number
three we also mentioned that we have to
grieve the previous Seasons so that we
can truly embrace the new seasons but we
shouldn't allow grieving to let let us
be stuck in those Seasons we got to
embrace the new thing God wants to do
number four we mentioned that in order
to embrace the challenges of the new
season we have to have a new spirit you
have to have a new mindset and it has to
be more faith-based than fear-based you
have to have a mindset of God is going
to do a miracle instead of I'm going to
die here you have to have a mindset
where a mindset of abundance
God is going to move faith is really
looking into your problem and expecting
God to show up fear is looking at your
problem and expecting the devil to show
up come on somebody drop this in the
chat this is going to help somebody
faith is looking into the
problem and expecting God to show up
fear is looking at the problem and
expecting the devil to show
up and you choose what you have you're
like oh no you know I don't know what's
going to happen fear is false evidence
appearing real we must have faith
looking into the future number
five new season will change your scene
scene s c e n e your scene your
seat it will change your scene well
that's what happens naturally right when
the new season comes we can see it on
our trees we can see it on our grass we
can see it U not only we feel colder or
hotter but we can see the scenary
changes new season changes your scenery
now let me give you an example of Joseph
Joseph had these four seasons in his
life find it very interesting because
you know every year has four seasons and
Joseph has these four seasons the first
season is the tunic of Many Colors
Genesis
37:3 the second season is the season of
garment of a Slave Genesis 39:16 the
third season is the clothing of a
prisoner Genesis 41:14 and the fourth
season is the garments of the fine linen
Genesis 41:42 so Joseph goes through
four seasons and these four seasons are
actually characterized by four different
garments the first one given to him by
his dad the second one it was the one
that was taken by the Piper's wife in
false accusation the third one is the
clothing of the prisoner which was
replaced when he was called to go see
Pharaoh and the last season was given to
him a clothing by Pharaoh himself where
he stepped into his purpose so four
seasons four different dress codes and
his scenery changed and that was
reflected in his dress code so this is
what I want to say recognize the season
and adjust
accordingly recognize your season and
dress
accordingly budget
accordingly manage your time accordingly
recognize the season and adjust your
life to this new
season your goal is not to conform to
the season but to adapt to the season
drop this in the chat our goal is not to
conform to our season but to adapt to
our season for example when it's a
winter we don't wor wear shorts right
you don't walk around in flip-flops now
I know some of you you don't care but
the rest of us Norm normal people it's
very cold also when it's hot you know
and it's a summer we probably wear
lighter garments we don't walk around in
with like you know a hoodie and then a
jacket why because you have to adjust
your dress code according to the
season sometimes exactly the same thing
happens with our time in finances in
Ministry and you know when the church is
is growing you got to adjust to that get
a different building maybe add more
services when the church is not growing
there needs to be an adjustment that
happens to that maybe you're financially
exploding God is blessing you there
probably is going to be an adjustment to
your giving adjustment to your spending
and that's completely normal what begins
to happen is when people do not adjust
with their season they don't cut their
coat according to their size and they
still wear things from the previous
season they still have a spending habit
of the previous season they still have
their dress code if I I could say
according to the previous season new
season will change your scene it will
change your dress code it will change
your life adjust according to it this
does not mean that you
forsake good qualities character it just
simply means that you have to adjust to
it um one person Dave Martin said this
about the difference between adapting
and conforming Conformity is a negative
quality of blending in becoming average
refusing to stand out or capitalize on
one's
uniqueness adaptability is a positive
quality of being able to sense the shift
in wind direction and proactively adjust
one's course to take advantage of that
wind shift while Conformity is a
weakness based on fear of rejection
adaptability is a strength based upon
confidence in oneself and in one's own
judgment and abilities this was really
good we'll drop this in the comment that
whole quote something that we need to
keep in mind is when seasons change our
scener changes we must
adjust accordingly sometimes people
downsize sometimes people they you know
cancel meetings because they're like I
remember when I had to you know just
when I launched my Ministry and things
started to kind of pick up few years ago
and I still traveled and I honestly
became overwhelmed so I canceled all my
travel for a whole year and I simply
focused on Building Systems getting
accustom adjusted to this new season
that I'm in where I have both my
Ministry and I have a local church
because for some 20 years I only
pastored a local church I didn't have my
Ministry and once in a while I traveled
and you know I had to readjust to I had
to take some time to adjust my life
accordingly right now I'm going to be
stepping into a new season where me and
my wife are expecting a baby and so we
have to adjust our home accordingly we
have to adjust our schedule accordingly
you know like I'm going to Italy this
weekend and you know my wife can't
travel because now we have to make some
adjustments there's certain adjustments
you have to embrace when you enter into
a new season if you never adjust with a
new season you will freeze to death or
you will burn you will burn or freeze
think about but if you go into a summer
um and you are still wearing the dress
code of winter or you go into a winter
and you're wearing dress code of Summer
uh it will be very painful so learning
to adjust making proper adjustments in
your budget proper adjustments in your
schedule Proper adjustments even in your
attitude typically it's these two things
it's in your schedule and it's in your
budget where you have to make
adjustments if you don't make these
adjustments you will arrive at the new
scene you will arri arrive in Siberia
with flipflops or you will arrive in
Hawaii with a fur Cod and just looks
weird you will feel wrong and it just
will not be right and it will add
unnecessary stress to your life that God
wanted you to avoid in his wisdom is
this helping anybody drop this in the
chat adjust accordingly or drop this in
the chat
adapt do not
conform I hope this is helping
somebody how to handle transition in
their life let's recap Transitions and
Seasons number one we said the scripture
teaches us it's part of a cycle of life
to have seasons number two we see that
when you enter into a new season you
experience a new level of stress instead
of just running away from it we should
run to God and increase see an increased
strength that stress usually doesn't
last very long because you get adapted
and you you learn we also said number
three that we have to be a people that
grieve the past and embrace the future
number four we've mentioned that we have
to have a different spirit that sees
Solutions instead of problems because
that's how the reward comes in the new
season number five is we have to have a
new SC we are on the new scene and we
must adjust accordingly when we hit the
new season dressed accordingly spend
accordingly just really tweak our life a
little bit number six are you guys still
with me is this helping anybody if you
are rewatching this right now uh drop in
the chat I'm rewatching and if you're
just tuning in don't forget to hit like
and share this with other people I
believe it's going to be very helpful
and if you're listening to a podcast um
make sure you drop a review of this is
helpful for you number six and this is
somebody needs this today God does not
change when your season
does drop this in the comment God does
not change when your season does you
know when Joseph remember I mentioned
about Joseph's seasons four different
seasons he went through four different
changes of clothes and I love this
because when his Seasons got hard and
that's when he became a slave and then
he became a prisoner those are the two
difficult seasons in his life in those
two difficult Seasons the Bible says in
Genesis 29: 2 and 3 the Lord was with
Joseph and he was a successful man and
then in Genesis 39: 21 and 23 it says
but the Lord was with Joseph and showed
him mercy and he gave him favor in the
sight of the keeper of prison so it's
almost like God wanted to highlight that
because like Joseph you and I most
likely feel that God left us when our
Seasons changed but the Bible
specifically highlights in these two
difficult seasons in Joseph's life the
Lord was with Joseph that means God does
not leave you when your seasons change
come on somebody this was worth just
joining this live today drop this in the
comments God does not leave you when
your seasons change God doesn't love you
less God is not now not with you
oh but if God is with me that means that
all of my seasons will be great
sometimes the seasons change God does
not and God didn't make his life easier
but he made him more successful even in
the difficult Seasons they can take your
code but they cannot take your anointing
they can ruin your reputation they
cannot destroy your character they can
take away they can take you from your
family they cannot take you from your
God stay attached to God not to your
Seasons fall in love with with God not
with your season when in the good times
praise God in the hard times pray to God
but do not leave the Lord just because
your seasons change whether it's good
Seasons or bad seasons and that's why
the wife of job says Curse God and die
why because your seasons change but God
didn't leave job just because his season
changed and job is like absolutely not
he's like I'm going to praise God in the
difficult season I'm going to praise God
in a good season why because God does
not leave me when my seasons change
I can lose all my Prosperity but I don't
lose the presence I can lose my
reputation but I don't lose the presence
of the holy spirit so therefore I am not
going to leave the Lord because he's
never going to leave me he's with me
through every season yeah I walked
through the valley of the shadow of
death I fear no evil for you are with me
though you walk through the fire it
won't burn you you walk through the
flood you walk through the water it
won't drown you because the Lord is with
you lo I Am With You Always to the End
of the Age the Bible says says he will
never leave us and never forsake us that
means in the good times or in the bad
times when the seasons change when it
gets cold when leaves fall when there is
no more fruit and it seems like the tree
is dead you are rooted put your roots in
the soil of God's promise and God's word
and remember God does not change when
your season
changes come on
somebody right there that's a word for
somebody when you're transitioning when
it feels chaotic when it feels scary
it's a new country new territory new
place new job new employees new friends
new family members everything new new
language God is with you
Emmanuel God With Us he doesn't abandon
us when our seasons change he doesn't
leave us when we go through the valley
or we go through a very transition IAL
period people might leave you people
will talk about you people will judge
you based on your
season people will look at you and judge
you based on your season when it's a
fruitful season they will say you're
blessed when it's a Valley season they
will say you're
cursed but sometimes you're in the
Valley season because that's where you
have to walk
through and God doesn't leave you
Joseph goes from a slave to a prisoner
and the Lord doesn't leave him and I
believe the Lord is not leaving you
either in Jesus name somebody drop this
in the chat Emmanuel God With Me the
Lord is with me
amen now let's go to number
seven this is going to get fire right
now I believe the Lord's going to
minister to each and every one of us new
season means new
Supply come on put this in the comment
right now new season brings new Supply
now the verse for that is Joshua 5 and
verse
12 then the Mana seized on the day after
they had eaten the produce of the land
and the children of Israel no longer had
Mana but they ate the food of the land
of Canaan
that year when God removes Mana it's
because he's preparing for milk and
honey when God removes provision Mana
was
provision it's because God is preparing
you for
Prosperity when God removes just enough
it's because he's positioning you for
more than
enough when you walk through the valley
you know it starts Psalm 23:1 says I
will not lack then verse four I go
through the valley and verse 5 my cup
runs over God takes us from just enough
to more than enough one of the ways you
know that your season is
Shifting is when God
changes the
supply in how he provides for you God is
always the
source but he changes the
resource when you experience a new
season your Source doesn't change your
resource changes God provided for Elijah
from the brook the brook dried up the
source didn't dry up the resource dried
up and God tells him I want you to go to
a widow and I will feed you from
there when your season shifts your Brook
dries up it's time to pray and pivot
drop this in the comments pray and pivot
meaning you trust in the source
when your resource dries up and you
trust that God will find a different
resource it could be a different job it
could be a different career it could be
a different opportunity it could be a
different idea Supply your God is
Jehovah Gyra the Lord who provides your
God is El Shai more than enough your God
is Jehovah nii he is the god who is your
Shepherd and he will lead you to Green
Pastures he will provide for you seek
first the kingdom of God and everything
else shall be added to you that means
that God has a
resource but he's always the source
that's why don't look at your job as
your Source drop this in the comments my
job is not my source it's my
resource God is my source one of the
ways that you know your season is
changing is when God
switches the resource think of a
resource job as a
host and God has that
faucet the source is God the job is the
resource the
host God blessed them for 40 years with
Mana they step into a new season Mana
stops
and sometimes that's what happens in our
life is that you walk into a new season
and you get fired you walk into a new
season and you get caught you know that
you get caught off you walk into a new
season and you know or maybe there's an
opportunity somebody leaves and the
place is vacant and now you're about to
step in there's a different pay there's
a different benefits and I really
believe that the Lord wants to prepare
each and every one of us for a new
season he's a good shepherd he's a good
father this is not some prosper gospel
this is the gospel of the Kingdom This
Is Us believing God for all of our needs
and looking to God as our
source we don't trust God only for
salvation we trust God for everything
the Lord is our provider he's a good
father and every good perfect gift comes
from the Father of Lights with whom
there is no shadow of churning so we
trust in God as our source that's all
this doesn't mean we don't work on the
opposite it means we work we pray and we
pivot we worship and we work hard but we
trust in God to bring a new resource and
sometimes that happens when your Brook
dries up sometimes that season shifts
when the business that you were doing
seems like the economy tanked and you
have to Pivot you have to maybe switch
to business and do something else
sometimes you have to receive a word
from God that stay at this particular
thing and things will turn around and
sometimes you have to Pivot completely
and jump to something else completely
that's a shift of a season number eight
new season brings new
sacrifice Joshua 35 it says sanctify
yourselves for tomorrow God will do
wonders in your midst drop this in the
comments new season comma new sacrifice
today's sacrifice is tomorrow's
Supernatural Israel walks into the
promised land and the first thing God
asked them is to be circumcised they
walk into a new season Mana stops they
walk into a new season cutting begins
they walk into a new season and they're
finally about to conquer this first city
in the promised land Jericho and God
says I want to take all the spoil and
keep it for myself uh God we've been
waiting for 40 years for this Promised
Land We suffered for years in Egypt we
finally can taste in the spoil of the
land and we can finally receive this and
God's like uh-uh I want you to put me
first I want you to put me first because
new season is about putting God first
it's acknowledging where your blessings
come from it's acknowledging who is your
Source cuz we can type God is my source
but it has to be reflected in our
spending of time and spending of our
money on the things of God meaning put
God first in your finances put God first
in your day but spending time in his
word because new season requires new
sacrifice in other words new season
requires new systems new sacrifice God
comes first imagine how much it took to
put God first by giving up the whole
city of Jericho to God and that's a
sacrifice that is a sacrifice you know
what the Temptation is in the new season
is to save what God called you to
sacrifice that's a Temptation when you
walk into a new season and God says I
want you to sacrifice you're like nah
I'm going to save When God says I want
you to fast you're like no I'm going to
eat when God says I want you to pray and
spend time in in my word like no I'm
just going to scroll to Instagram every
single day and I won't even open my
Bible that is a Temptation and if you
fall into that Temptation you might find
yourself with ain's problem aen he did
not give to God what was God's he didn't
put God first in the promised land he
put himself first in the promised land
and then he lost his family he lost
everything this is not a a fear message
or a threat message what I'm just
encouraging is this is if you don't put
God first in your new season and if you
don't put if you don't learn to
sacrifice for those of you who have
never given
before to begin to give put God first in
your finances trust that God will bless
the rest of your 90% 80% whatever the
percentage you choose to give God first
trust him to provide for you and God did
for Israel they conquered the rest of
the cities and it was their cities to
eat the spoil of but the first city God
says is
mine you will see in the Bible God many
times marking different seasons in
people's lives with a sacrifice you see
this with no
he entered into the new world the first
thing he did is offered the sacrifice
Abraham God says bring a sacrifice and
then God spoke to Abraham about his
future a sacrifice shifts Seasons a
sacrifice is a Mark that a season has
shifted drop this in the chat sacrifice
shifts a season a season why does a
sacrifice shift seasons is because
you're putting God first and now God
begins to move mightily on your behalf
all of these other things things the
Bible says will be added meaning God is
now involved in your
Affairs sacrifice shifts season we don't
sacrifice to manipulate God for personal
gain a sacrifice is a thankful response
for His blessings it's affected by the
Forgiveness of our sins and restored
fellowship with God and our neighbor we
don't sacrifice to earn a blessing we
sacrifice because we acknowledge where
our blessings come from it comes from
God
so for some people to put God first in a
day is a sacrifice for some people to
put God first in the month through
fasting is a sacrifice for all of us to
put God first in our finances is a
sacrifice so I want to encourage you put
God first in your
finances partner with Ministries like
ours to support God's kingdom to give
toward expanding of God's kingdom why
because when you do that you you're
planting seeds and that's how sometimes
the shift happens in our Seasons you
know and this is not a a teaching on
giving but I got to tell you that almost
every season of my life what I've seen a
drastic shift in the season it was
preceded by a sacrifice and usually it
was preceded by a financial sacrifice
where me and my wife would pray about it
feel inspired by the Lord to to take a
large sum of money and then to give
toward God's kingdom it happened 9 years
ago right around the time when a big
shift took place in my Ministry ited
happened uh around the same time that
you know I was I dated my wife for one
one date and then I broke up with her
and didn't want to uh marry her because
I kind of had some little issues and
then we went to a fast and the Lord
spoke to me to give a large Financial
sacrifice to his kingdom uh this was not
connected to marriage anything I just
was obedient to God I didn't have
anything in my mind when I did that I
just wanted to be closer to Jesus and
next thing I know you know that was the
money that I was saving to get married
but I had a hard time getting married
and so when I gave that sacrifice you
know something just kind of changed in
me and few weeks later I started talking
to Lana again and 3 months later I
propose and then four months later after
the proposal we were married and so I'm
not in any way saying if you sew a seed
you're going to get this and this and
that what I am saying is that a
sacrifice has a way of really shifting
your heart toward the things of God in
God's Direction because one of the
biggest competitors for our heart is our
money and so sometimes the Lord will go
straight for the heart and he wants your
heart to be anchored in him him so you
acknowledge where your Source come from
comes from you know and then we would
start me and my wife would start to give
cards and after you know we gave cards
then we would empty our our our savings
again nobody has to do that I'm just
simply using myself as an example that
I've seen shift in my life because of
that and you know it could start for you
all of us it could start with something
simple when you get paid you know put
gut first start with 10% 15% 10 12%
whatever it is but put it away and give
it into God's them if you go to a local
church give it to a local church if you
don't have a local church you can give
to this ministry and we promise to turn
it toward giving books for free courses
for free and just doing more things for
God with it so that God's kingdom can
spread you know last year when our
church is in the building campaign right
now and you know we sold one property
flipped another property and kind of was
waiting for that money to be used to buy
land where one day we can you know build
our home uh for our family and um you
know and both of us felt that this is
supposed to be a seed it's not a harvest
and so and how do you know when it's a
seed versus a harvest is because when
what you have in your hand is not enough
to meet your need then what you have in
your hand is your
seedoo that's a word for somebody drop
this in the chat when what you have in
your hand is not enough to meet your
need what you have in your hand probably
is your seed and so we felt that it was
not enough to buy that land that we
wanted so uh plus just didn't feel right
about the land um we decided to just
give all of that away to God's kingdom
and you know like and big shifts started
to happen you know another land became
available after that and just one thing
after another we started to see a shift
in our season uh in some areas when we
gave that sacrifice and then 3 weeks
later I felt the Lord wanted us to take
my salary from the church and give it
back to the church until we move into a
new building and for me to become a
volunteer at the church that's also a
sacrifice and stuff so I'm a fervent
believer in living a life of obedience
that leads to a life of sacrifice we
don't do it to manipulate God we don't
do it so that we can get a blessing we
do it because we acknowledge that God is
the source of our blessings and we look
to him and it's about the principle of
prioritizing God putting God first so
new season new sacrifice when what you
have in your hand is not enough to meet
your need sometimes what you have in
your hand is actually your seed and if
you're a farmer you know one thing you
shouldn't be eating seed
you should plant
them number nine is everybody still with
me did I lose anybody at the sacrifice
part everybody's like man as long as you
were saying that God is with me I loved
it now when you got to the sacrifice I
think I got to do I got to do something
I gotta leave this live stream come on
hang in with me number nine new season
will require new strategy new season
will require new strategy then the men
of Israel took some of their Provisions
but they did not ask the the counil of
the Lord Joshua 9:14 that tells me that
a new season will require new strategy
man where do I get the strategy I'm so
glad that you asked you must understand
we must understand this we can't live on
yesterday's success or dwell on
yesterday's defeats let's drop this in
the chat we can't live on yesterday's
success or dwell on yesterday's
failures when you enter into a new
season something want to remind
you live by God's
principles and be led by God's
presence let me say that again and some
of you can drop that in the chat for
your neighbor live by God's principles
and be led by God's
presence Joshua when he entered the
promised land God wanted him to depend
on God for every decision trust in him
and seek his
advice Joshua did that but in some
occasions he just kind of relied on
yesterday's Victory and yesterday's
success and he actually found himself in
a defeat because he didn't ask God he
did not allow the Lord's presence to
guide him God's peace to guide him God's
spirit to guide him you may say there's
a lot of you know Common Sense decisions
that we don't need to get God's opinion
trust me we need God for everything it's
good to pray for everything to thank God
in everything but one one of the
important things is to live by God's
principles and to be led by God's
presence so like every month I give as
my tithe and it's more than my tithe
that's my principle I live by that but
then I open myself up for the Lord to
Lead Me by his presence when God gives
me an impression when God gives me that
directive um guidance in those areas
where there is no command in the Bible
like the Bible doesn't say Vlad give
your car the Bible doesn't say empty
your savings account there's no specific
direct instructions like that but his
presence will lead me in that his
presence will guide me in that uh one uh
billionaire said success is a lousy
teacher because it seduces smart people
into thinking they can't
lose don't let your success be your
strategy let the Holy Spirit be your
strategy um babe um Ruth said this
yesterday's home runs don't win today's
games yesterday's success can not be
today's
strategy we must rely on the Holy Spirit
we must lean on the Lord today new
strategy will come from God you can't
always imitate other people you got to
develop your own intimacy with God and
have the Lord guide your steps every
single day so in this new season you got
to live by God's principles but you got
to be led by his presence don't be
surprised if the Lord's presence
sometimes will specifically directly
Lead You In a place that's not contrary
to God's God's word or God's principles
but it guides you into places that you
might not think of yourselves yourself
and the Lord might be in that now the
last thing I wanted to share and
um this is I believe is very
important the last most important thing
new season new stewardship
new season new
stewardship what does this mean that
means it's always easier to obtain
something than to maintain
it drop this in the chat new season new
stewardship it's always easier to obtain
something than to maintain it Joshua
enters the promis land and half of the
Book of Joshua is him defeating the
enemy and then there's the other half
Book of Joshua the most of us Skip it's
when Joshua is dividing the spoil so
Joshua defeating the enemy dividing the
spoil why because it's not just about
obtaining it's also about managing it's
not just about subduing it's also about
stewarding it's not just about a miracle
it's also about your
management it's how you manage that
Miracle Jesus himself did that when he
multiplied the loaves of bread in John
6: 11 and 12 what was the instruction he
gave them he says when they were filled
he said to his disciples gather up the
fragments that remain so that nothing is
lost just because you entered into a new
season and God is blessing you you
experienced a new thing you will need to
learn new way of stewarding what you
have because God wants to take you from
glory to glory from Faith to Faith he
wants to take you from fruit more fruit
much fruit and fruit that remains and
the reason why some people lose the
season of blessing is because they don't
Steward it
yes if you have a good season and you
handle it poorly it will turn into a Bad
season if you have a bad season and you
Steward it good it will turn into a good
season generally there are exceptions of
course but generally you must learn to
Steward the good
season if God brings a
breakthrough you become arrogant you
become
irresponsible you start becoming lazy
with your devotions and your disciplines
you don't have time for God you don't
have time for your family you don't have
time for church you start
drinking you start numbing Yourself by
dealing with stress with illicit drugs
and other stuff it's a matter of time
scandals poverty prison sentences DUIs
divorce and total Calamity will hit your
life and it was not God's
will it was not stewarding things let's
ask prodical son he got a great blessing
why did he lose everything because he
wasted it with prodical living there was
no stewardship there was no
Integrity there was no
walking righteous With the blessings
that God has given him with the
influence that God has that he would he
received and a lot of people who obtain
their new season quickly they seem to
lose it quickly and those of us who walk
through the process and we learn things
in the process we learn those things
that are beneficial for us to Steward
something that we obtain and when you
Steward it right the Lord multiplies it
when you Steward it right the Lord grows
it when you steward it right the Lord
spreads it because it's to his benefit
he glorifies his name through that by
spreading his influence and goodness on
this Earth because our God is a good God
and he wants to bless people that
Steward things well so my understanding
is this every blessing from God Ministry
family I am a steward of it I'm not an
owner of it I am bought with the blood
of Jesus Christ that means I don't
belong to myself I belong to Jesus and
stewardship is really a management of
what belongs to somebody else for me
stewardship is my calling it's not an
option I don't own anything of those
things that are mine quote unquote they
belong to the Lord and I'm a steward I
am not an owner and therefore I have to
constantly walk in Integrity we have to
constantly walk in Purity we have to
constantly walk in righteousness why so
that we Steward would we
received we manage what the Lord has
made in our life
if we don't Steed properly the good
times you know Joseph had seven years of
plenty he sted it properly he saved 20%
of all of those good
times and they increased their savings
instead of increased their living and
when the hard times came he was able to
feed Egypt and the world because he
stewarded hard time good times properly
many people what happens is when Good
Times come when seasons of shift come in
a lot of times what begin to do what we
begin to do is we begin to crank up debt
we begin to raise the level of our
living we begin to have an inflated
selfworth walk around like we we got it
all figured out and this Pride leads to
a fall we have more
debt we are don't have breathing room
we're overstressed
overweight because we're not stewarding
the blessing well we're not stewarding
our our health well we're not stewarding
our family well we're not stewarding our
gifts well we're not stewarding our
finances well and next that happens is
that very soon small incident Small
Change in the economy small shift that
happens in the church and boom
everything is goes down the drain you're
like man the devil came against me
sometimes it's not the devil sometimes
it's foolish decisions that were made in
good times and some of
us those bad times we inherited were a
harvest of seeds we sowed in Good
Times that's why when things are good
when you're in a good season prioritize
God prioritize your sacrifice prioritize
your discipline prioritize living with
Integrity be attached to God not to your
good season or to a Bad season remember
God is the source stay close to him in
your Seasons God will take him from good
to great he took
Joseph's good season seven years and
Joseph stward it well and then seven
years of famine Joseph stewarded really
well that Pharaoh became the wealthiest
person probably in the world at that
time and Joseph Rose to the top through
a difficult time it actually was a
benefit to many people he he helped his
family through that but Joseph was a
steward a manager he was a wise Steward
and a wise manager and that's what we
must do in order
to Steward our Good Seasons and our Bad
season
Seasons amen new season new
stewardship let's pray I hope that this
was helpful for each and every one of
you I want you to drop a prayer Emoji in
the chat as I'm going to recap just
quickly of what I mentioned number one
I've mentioned that a Bible breaks life
into seasons and Cycles number two we
mentioned that change of seasons can
cause
stress number three we mentioned that
sometimes before you enter a new season
you have to grieve and exit the previous
season number four we mentioned that a
new season requires a new spirit number
five we've mentioned that we have to
understand that God does not change when
our seasons do number seven we have to
understand that a new season means a new
Supply number eight we mentioned that
new season brings a new sacrifice number
nine we mentioned a new season needs a
new strategy and number 10 we mention
that new season needs a new
stewardship so those are the 10 things
that we've shared about Seasons right
now and as we are dropping that in the
chat I want us to right now just take a
moment and to just pray pray that the
holy spirit is going to bring that
wisdom and that shift that we need in
our life so that we can Embrace those
changes Lord I come in agreement right
now with every person that is watching
this broadcast I come in agreement right
now with every person that is rewatching
this broadcast dear Holy
Spirit you're the one that changes
seasons in Daniel it says that God
changes Seasons Lord you're the one that
brings a set time of favor you shift
things in our life you give us
Grace in due season we reap Lord your
word says that as long as Earth exists
there will be reaping sewing that there
will be night and day there will be cold
and warm winter and summer and Lord I
pray for my friends and my brothers and
sisters who are watching this right now
I pray for those who are in between
seasons for those who are stepping into
a new season for those who are in
transition right now that you will give
them
wisdom help them to deal with the stress
that comes with the those changes help
them to navigate with wisdom help them
to Steward the the resources problems
challenges that they're experiencing
help them to have a different attitude
attitude of gratitude attitude of seeing
believing and trusting that God will
show up in their situation help us not
to get addicted to good times and help
us not to get distracted discouraged or
deeply disappointed by difficult times
Lord I ask you that you will help us to
make sacrifices in our Seasons to make
new systems new habits of always putting
you first in our
life Jesus I ask you for those who are
maybe stuck in a season that is painful
in the season that is dark in the season
that is hopeless Holy Spirit you're the
one that changes Seasons would you lead
them would you pull them out of the myy
clay would you set their feet upon the
rock would you help them to be faithful
in between the
seasons would you help them to walk walk
in the valley
swim in the
flood and go through whatever they need
to go through with you help him not to
expect help him Lord not to postpone
walking with you to a different time but
to walk with you now in Jesus name I
break off every Spirit of death a break
off every Spirit of disappointment
depression anxiety
fear fear of the unknown fear of future
chronic
fear in Jesus
name Lord Jesus Let Your Presence come
right now Let Your Presence come right
[Music]
now may The Winds of Change
come may they blow in our back may we
experience God's acceleration may we
experience God's favor I pray for those
that are fasting Lord may you
open your favor May the set time of
favor begin to come in their career in
their Ministry in their job and in their
family in the name of Jesus
Christ amen I want you to drop word amen
if you are receiving this prayer with me
right now I want to also come to a time
right now and invite those those of you
who are watching this broadcast on both
Instagram Tik Tok Facebook and YouTube
and rewatching it I want you to consider
today to make a sacrifice to the Lord by
partnering with our
ministry if you have never done it
consider giving today to our
ministry when you seow those seeds of
generosity into a soil where like in our
ministry we impact over 2 million
downloads on uver Bible app over our
reading plans subscriptions to those
plans over a milli1 100,000 subscribers
on YouTube millions of people receive
the teachings that we
provide books are being downloaded by
hundreds and hundreds and thousands
every single day in different languages
for free over 100,000 students on our
vad school ecourses that we provide for
free as well as our Russian YouTube
channel our Spanish YouTube channel and
so much more of ebooks and PDFs reading
plans podcast that we provide so this is
a Ministry that really believes in
ministering to people and so I want to
invite you that if you've never done it
to consider doing it for the first time
if you've done it before you know
whether it's one-time gift or a
reoccurring gift to the ministry so that
we can give this even more more push
these donations they don't go to me they
go to the ministry we have a nonprofit
organization and I know some few people
get triggered by that um that we have a
nonprofit We have accountability um
proper stewardship accounting and all of
the stuff so that these funds go to help
us spread the message of Jesus in the
most effective efficient way and so
thank you so much for doing that thank
you so much for believing in our
ministry
praying for our ministry and sowing
today your best seed for the Lord's work
if you are not able to give today I want
to let you know God is with you we are
here to serve you if you're going
through a difficult Financial time we
want to let you know we are standing in
a gap with you and believing that the
Lord is with you he will provide for
your needs don't give un credit card or
uh money that you don't have money that
you need to feed your family don't feel
feel pushed don't feel compulsion or
pressure um I don't make any promises
the only promise I make is this when we
see God's kingdom first he will begin to
take care of us and that God wants us to
give with a cheerful heart not by being
pushed pressured manipulated or all of
those gimmicks that people use nowadays
and stuff so but he wants us to give
because we feel in our heart and we have
peace or we purpose in our heart so God
bless each and every one of you you can
give through our website cash app vinmo
PayPal crypto um you can give through
mailing a check that usually cuts off
all the fees and uh and you can set up
reoccurring on our website as well so
thank you each and every one of you that
is doing that
today